Oh, it's so nice to be back at Meltdown Comics, the NerdMelt Theater here in Hollywood, California.
I've triumphant returned back to our cozy little nest in our loyal harmonians.
We've been all over the country. I'm not sure what we learned, but I do know that it's very nice to be sitting here again with you people.
Harmontown is finally back in session in Hollywood, California. Put your hands together for the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
I may be wrapped out, I don't know. Fuck you guys that applauded. I'm a rap master. That's why I'm wrapped out, because I perfected the art, not because it was obnoxious and tiresome.
It is really, really oddly comfortable to be back. It's really weird. We tried to do this shot, Neil, the guy doing the documentary, wanted to do this shot where I would walk down the sidewalk outside NerdMelt, walk through the door into an empty comic book store, just keep walking, and it would be perfectly timed with Jeff bringing me up.
Did I fuck it up? I don't know. I don't know if you fucked it up. I have no idea. It's fucked up.
Were you standing in the doorway for like 10 seconds?
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
Should we try it again?
Well, go back outside. Just yell at me, Neil. This is fucking bullshit.
Yeah, welcome home.
Oh, we're back everybody. Meltdown Congress in Hollywood, California. Harmontown is once again in session.
Put your hands together for the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I walked from the sidewalk to the back. It was seamless.
Wow. Dan, where were you? We missed you. I was in the green room. You left for a while.
Jeff, I do what I always do before a show. I went and stood outside of 7-Eleven.
You climb up on top of the fire escape and stand there like Batman.
I stare at my fist and talk about the darkness of the city. And then when the mood takes me, I clamber down and I just make a beeline.
I just hope to God that you're starting the show at that particular time.
How could you possibly have any idea that I'm starting the show? I'm just hoping that you hear the frequency of audience joy.
The truth is, Jeff, there are parallel universes where you're in the middle of introducing the show and I just walk up and tell you to fuck off.
I just interrupt you.
So we just got lucky once again.
Yeah, Harmontown is a show that is not written, therefore it is written by God.
And he doesn't make mistakes. You don't punch him up.
His draft is final, man. That's all you gotta do is do nothing at all and you are doing the work of a master.
What if I get really serious about that and told you the good news?
I am feeling very spiritual lately. I was going on the tour and also, I was a bad friend for not listening to it in the first place,
but I've been really, really diving into Duncan Trussell lately. He is amazing.
Every Lutheran bone in my body, every superstitious fiber of my being makes me want to knock on every piece of wood in the room and say,
please, universe, this isn't how it sounds, but in all seriousness, there's no other way to express this.
He makes testicular cancer sound fun. He's so fucking cool. You're just like, oh man, I could get cancer. That would be no problem.
You almost want to get it, like listening to him because he's so fucking cool.
I think he puts a very beautiful, heroic, funny face on it, but still, radiation is a giant bummer. You wouldn't last a minute.
No, I wouldn't at all. He doesn't deny any of that stuff though. He doesn't say it's not a bummer.
He's very emphatic about embracing also the pain of life and acknowledging it for pain. That's what's so fucking cool about him. God damn it, I want to make love to him.
But let's do his podcast. It's great. He's a sister of Harmontown, a sister podcast.
I'm going to get a drink. What do you want to talk about, Jeff?
I actually do have some questions because we came back and we did this tour and there was an unanswered question.
If you answered it one-on-one with the filmmakers, I wasn't there. There seemed to be the eternally unanswered question of what the point of it all was.
You said that as you returned and you came back to LA at the big Egyptian theater show that you learned nothing.
But I realized tonight in the green room, I actually finally figured it out. It's the dumbest thing in the world because it's right under your nose and it's sort of so generic.
The entire time we were out there, we were doing these shows. We were doing performances. Shows can be good or bad.
There was a good show. There was a bad show. The show's not going so good. You talked about Chevy Chase in that show. It was a season four premiere.
Thinking about it as a performance beforehand, no matter how much you try to not think about it and not pre-write anything and stuff, then we went out on a bus that said, like, show's coming to town and went to Portland and went, hello, Portland, we're doing a show.
I don't know why we're Southern when we do the show. It's because we're like this Wild West show. We're out there like, we're doing a show here. Now we're doing a show there.
Now we're doing a show here and the whole time we were doing shows everywhere, we kept saying, both in our hearts and our brains and out loud with our mouths, we kept saying, at some point we're going to go back home.
Now when we say home, we don't mean me and my underwear watching Die Hard 2. We mean like this. So if this is home, then this isn't a show anymore.
And so the transformative thing, probably for the audience's lack of benefit, is that I don't give a shit anymore. Pat Noswalt was right. I came back. I was in the green room and I was like, the thought of it as a show did not hit my head.
It's a tee-up for some critic from the audience to yell out, like, start thinking of it as a show now, please. $10, my friend, still green.
It's better when you just, like, my favorite show was Salt Lake City where there was 62 people and we brought a Mormon chick up on stage and we talked about it. And it was like, it felt like this.
That was the closest we had to Meltdown was this small little comedy club with iron girders here and there and it was a small little room, but you didn't need another person in there.
And it really was like the most communicative and together. I like the show here because it's become this little revival tent and we start meeting people and like when we connect with that night's audience.
And it's cool to go to Salt Lake City where, you know, you don't have any expectations like, fucking, we're gonna hit Salt Lake, baby, the city of lights.
But that was my favorite one because that was the most like this. I think when you're not Wayne Brady, you're not gonna get up there and sing a big song and do a tab dance and that.
Dan, it's time you fucking own the fact that you're never gonna be Wayne Brady, man.
For those of you listening, my expression is deeply and sincerely hurt.
Alright, well, let's find out if you are Wayne Brady, you know?
Should I do an impression of the clumps?
I saw him do that once.
Now you're Wayne Brady. Yeah, you're gonna be Wayne Brady.
I am Wayne Brady.
Why are you hanging out with him?
I don't hate hoes. I love them. And I love singing in different styles with accents.
I'm not really familiar with his work.
I saw him in the Chappelle thing. It was awesome.
We'll edit all this out. That's my new mantra.
No, that fucking stays.
Anyways, let's get to the goods, man. Let's get to the confessional goods.
Dig some shit out of me, Jeff. That's the thing that I'm going to town.
Hi, Portland. Hey, Portland. I looked on Wikipedia.
Your town has a tall building and a weather phenomenon called the Borealis Fagoris.
Your sports team is the Cougars.
Small talk, small talk. Jeff, small talk.
Couldn't wait to get back here and get deep.
Talk to me about my butt and my dick and stuff.
But why couldn't you get deep with those people?
I could. No, that was my mistake. That's not Portland's mistake.
I'm just saying, going out there, that's what happened to me.
I was like, oh, hi, Portland. Thanks for having me in your town, Portland.
Oh, I love you, Portland. Oh, hi, Austin.
Oh, would you like a mint?
Austin, trivia fact, the cowboy hat was invented here.
And then, oh, I fucked your mom in a cowboy hat.
What do you think about that?
Jeff, it's not real. I want to get real.
I couldn't wait to get back here and get real.
These are my 50 shades of gray seto masochistic partners.
These are the safety pin nipples.
These are the hot wax people.
See, here's what I concerned, this behavior that you're showing right now
was my concern towards the end that Harmontown was a very dangerous thing for you.
Because you do this show, you go, I would talk about my Hemiroy,
and I'm going to talk about fucking your mama, and like nothing I got hate.
I dare you to not like me.
not like me. And then after the show, everybody comes up and likes you and wants you to sign
a thing and sign your image or sign your book or do this. And you find out possibly a very
dangerous thing for you. The idea that you can't do something wrong, right? On the tour
bus, you started to kind of hulk out a couple of times. It's called Harmontown. You called
it Harmon Country. Yeah. And there's images of you everywhere. There's all these shirts
and there's pins and there's books and there's just this giant narcissist jacuzzi that you
just settle into. You just sit there like a definitely had the upper hand in fights
with my girlfriend Harmontown. Read the sign. Population me. It's me. Well, my one prediction
was right. You fuckers fought a lot on that trip. I mean, I think again, you might have
maybe that's as much as you fight when I'm not with you all the time. I've never been
with you almost all the time. The kind of day and night we were around each other quite
a bit. But you guys, wow, we like to go at it. Sometimes on stage. Sometimes she's my
tempestuous, fiery Irish muse. And now she it's a the thing that blew my mind. We were
in Pittsburgh. I don't know if anybody heard that one. The ladies, the ladies left Pittsburgh.
The guys are like, he was right in the middle of a fart joke. I'm surprised. I thought Pittsburgh
set the set the woman's rights movement back about 75 years, because she came out and she
had been crying about a bit that you had been doing about fucking a young girl. And it was
totally a bit. And then she announced that you call her the C word. And then the show
came to just a screech, just to a total stop. And then at the end of that, she said, So
can I move in with you? And I was like, Wow, I thought I thought that was yeah, that made
me not ask her to move in with me for like two extra weeks. But then you end you end
the tour by asking her to move in with you. Yeah, that's two weeks. I was going to ask
her any minute. And then she fucking said it. Like, you know, I can't say yes. When someone
we were thinking the same thing at the same time, we're in love with each other, deal
with it. We're soulmates. And Jeff, you're great. You're very cool. You're in your suit,
you know, and you, you're, you're, you're, you have this, you have this, you have this
armor against the world, you know, you're, you're the emotionless, like, even, even
keel, even keel guy, you know, he's, he likes his front bronca and he's, he likes to watch
the history channel. And every, every, every, every city we went to, he went to a bookstore
and bought an obscure book and then went to a, went to a bar and read it. Like, I just,
I know he sounds awesome. You're not allowed. You're not allowed to hate it.
Does he have a sister?
You know, and you're fine. You're the master of your, of your, of your domain. Oh, speaking
of which, I haven't jerked off in like three days for three days. Like, like, like it might
be four now. Yeah. I made this decision. I went on Duncan Trussell's podcast. We talked
about jerking off. And how did you connect that? We're talking about how awesome I am
to master, master of, well, I heard the word master. He's not about your dick. No, no,
no, no. He reads too many books. He doesn't watch Seinfeld. Master of my domain is a Seinfeld
like line in reference to the episode where they all tried to not jerk off. But yeah,
I, I, I, I'm, I'm four days into what the, what they call on Reddit, no FAP.
The word FAP is a bummer. It is a bummer. It's a huge bummer. Don't say FAP. It's so
it did not fucking say FAP over any circumstances. Don't type it. Don't read it. Don't fucking.
Yeah. It is the worst. Like, like I was introduced to that word when we first started doing community
and there was an interview with Alison Brie and the, in the onion or something. And then
there was a comment section and there, there was like a comment that said like FAP, FAP,
FAP, FAP, FAP, FAP. And I was like, what is that? Oh, it made me, it just made me,
yeah. Imagine your Hawaiian shirt and your surgical gloves and your, just your, I can,
I can, I can, I can. What did you just reveal about your software?
That I've seen the movie. What was it called? The hardwired or whatever. Wow. 90s movie.
Don't conjure up imagery for me. Don't, don't make me part of your world. No onomatopoeia
in sexuality. Don't ask black people time travel questions. No onomatopoeia in sex.
That's it. That's it. We got, we found our constitution. We did it. It took us a whole
tour to figure that out. Go deep, Jeff. Come on. Get me, get, I want to reveal something.
That's, that's what the show is. Come on. Hit me in the quick. I don't want to, I want
to talk about something real. Okay. Do you watch the Grammys?
Don't cry. Don't cry. I didn't.
Fuck the Grammys too. Fuck it, fuck it up. Whatever.
Well, I mean, I don't know, man. I, I, I really feel like, I don't know. I wanted to barber
Walter, Walter's you tonight, but we have guests we want to bring up. But then I thought
like, I'm not going, I'm not going because I don't even know what the angle would be.
I, I really feel that there was an opportunity, not that you're going to go out there and
you, you, you, you, not that you're Walt Whitman and you're going to go find that where you
lived and what you lived for and shit, but you would come back with the disco like, oh,
that's why, or this is what's important to me. This is what Harmontown is. This is what,
I mean, we learned little details and stuff like that, but I feel like there was, there
really is a reason you did it. There was, there was, there was some reason you stood
after every show and met those people. There was something driving you to do that in the
first place. That was more than, oh, it's a birthday present to myself. I think there
really is a subconscious desire and drive there that I don't know that you even know
what it is.
No, I don't, Jeff. I don't.
Are you being serious?
No, I don't, I don't. That's something to do with connecting with people. And I think
I was looking forward to getting back here because this is the place where people, like,
like we would go to certain places where you couldn't hear the people, but they had listened
to the podcast. So they know that if Maddie here in the front row, whose name I know, because
you can see everybody in the audience and you can hear everybody in the audience, if
she pipes up, if she goes like, that reminds me of pants.
Then I go, I'm sorry, what the fuck are you talking about, Maddie? What are you, why did
you say that? It reminds you of pants. And then she'll say like, well, cause I love pants
and you just said Christmas and Christmas is good pants are good. Well, okay. Very good.
So you want to come up here and talk about your fucking Christmas pants, Maddie?
I wonder if anybody out here, I mean, this is a tough question. And I don't want Adam
Goldberg to storm the stage when I ask this. I wonder if anybody, because there are, if,
how many of you, and I'm not like just like asking for like a round of applause, but how
many of you listen to all of them, like the, all the podcast? Don't raise your hands.
Oof.
You have to clap. All right. So I wonder like maybe, maybe one of these people would have
a better like overall perspective on what that actually was, if it was anything at all, if
it succeeded at anything.
You're really begging for Adam Goldberg to storm the stage.
I certainly am not certain.
Maddie, did you listen to all those shows?
Yeah.
All right. Would you, would you like to come up and give us a little report?
Hello, Maddie. Come on up on stage.
Your mother list tonight, your mother's not here. She's all grown up.
Okay. Maddie, Maddie is a young child that used to come to the show with her mother. That
is now, now you're in college.
I am.
Everything's cool. All right. I feel less guilty now of saying the things I say in front
of you.
What are you studying in college?
Looking into media studies.
Who? Media studies?
Yeah.
What's cool?
Occidental.
Oh, great.
Yeah.
All right. So what's your, what's your take on the, what, what, what, the tour? Anything.
Say it.
I can handle anything now. I'm a master.
You declared yourself God at the last show.
And in this one, and, and every day forth, I am God.
I think Maddie, sorry to interrupt, but I really think that you're in a dangerous psychological
place right now.
Or, or whatever the opposite of dangerous is. Safe?
It doesn't feel safe. So I guess it's probably dangerous.
I think you're closer to being Hans Gruber than John McClain now.
Yeah. You know, you know, you know who else was in a dangerous psychological place?
Don't say Jesus.
God.
Okay.
Because he was nothing at the beginning of everything and it bummed him out so much
he had to explode into some things.
Are you saying you're going to explode?
I, he hasn't jerked off for three days.
He's coming for you.
Are you going to create a universe of jizz in this place?
Jesus.
She's, she, she, Maddie.
Sorry.
How much now, but she's still a kid.
Okay.
All right, Maddie. What's your take?
Well, I think you definitely exceeded in becoming God in your own mind. I think, I think, I
think the more, the more you met people and the more people were in the audience, you
took on that God role and.
What's that guy doing? What's that guy doing?
Yeah.
What are you doing?
What are you doing, dude?
What are you, what are you?
He's typing on his phone.
Are you tweeting his quotes?
Well, no, what's he, are you, are you?
You're going to post a vine.
Oh, okay. That's all right. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to, I didn't mean to terrify you.
Yes, you did. You did mean to.
Do you have a hand like mine?
But no, you do. You actually does. Okay. I'm not God.
Not yet.
But then, but then, but then when you found out that he was putting up a vine image, I
got a gift of you doing something, you're like, oh, that's cool. Keep it up.
Okay. Fine. Yeah. As long as it's not of Duncan Tressel. All right.
Okay. Continue, Maddie. Sorry. I just, there was somebody that was not, you know.
Not, not, not bowing, not scraping, not, not, not, not worshiping at the altar.
It was tweeting and fleeting and scooping.
Dangerous, dangerous territory. Did you learn anything about Dan or about Harmontown throughout
that journey? Or was it just kind of a linear waste of time?
I feel like he's revealed so much of himself in past podcasts, past tweets, past life that
he just like anything he said on tour didn't really surprise me. Like he could have been
talking about butts and cocks and dicks and whatever.
When you take me out of the service.
I mean, you could have ranted our race for half an hour and like wanted every person in
the audience to kill themselves because they felt bad, but I wasn't surprised that I wouldn't
have been surprised that happened.
What was your, not in a bad, I'm like,
Was there, was there, was there a real highlight or really low light in the, in any of the
shows that kind of like surprised you?
Well, you're talking to the person who has like an eight year old's memory here. Like
I'm digging right now to remember things and stop going well.
Okay. Why do you have an eight year old's memory?
That's a great question. I don't remember things I do two days ago and I should probably
get checked out.
Oh, all right. Talk about cookies then.
I was jealous of young people because I thought you remembered everything.
No, you, okay. I, I get surprised when you remember my name every time. Like I don't
remember things people I meet. So thank you.
Well, you're kind of a pain in the ass.
It's a mnemonic device. Oh boy, there's Maddie.
I don't show up every time.
No, no.
Maybe.
I'm not out. I don't come every time.
All right. Thank you. Thank you, Maddie. Thank you, Maddie.
All right. Thank you, Maddie.
We're almost there. We're getting there. We're digging.
It doesn't, it doesn't, you know, Jeff, the show is not about the show. There's no show.
The show, the show, it's, there's no, the show is about you.
Let's get to the show.
Maybe it's foolish of me to even think that there was supposed to be a purpose for it.
That there, that you should learn anything. You're such a story structure freak and we
kept drawing these things like, we're at the refusal of a call now. Now we're at the meeting
with the goddess. Like we kept doing that, but then we return home. Do you feel that
you've created, that you've actually described the full circle story wise?
No.
Because I feel like that Harmontown at the tour is, if there's a story structure element
to that, that this will be the first quarter or the first half of a larger story.
Oh, well.
You're right now coming home. This is the meeting with the goddess where you're back
home into your safety net and now the terrible shit happens. Or something really awesome
happens.
We get to reboot the show now. We get to decide what it's, what it's going to be about, you
know?
What would you, what do you want? We can't, one thing's for certain. I think we, we want
to connect with these people.
You fucked up my brain to merge with their brains. I want to feel what they feel.
For real?
Yeah. Okay. Let's do it. I feel like there's someone in the audience tonight that's recently
written a book that will be released that needs to be plugged. He was an amazing entertainer.
He's part of Donald Glover's little, little YouTube troupe. Derek comedy. He's an old
friend. He looks like Jesus more and more every day. Please, I feel, I feel his pain.
I feel his brain. Welcome DC Pearson.
Thanks, Diane. How's it going?
It's going good. I mean, I don't know. You tell me, it feels like kind of, I was saying
backstage like, uh, oh, I feel really good cause I feel like, uh, we were out in the road
and now I'm not worried at all. Like Pat Noswald's prediction was true. I'm not worried
about doing the show here anymore. And I think that could be a bad thing. I was saying in
the green room, right now I'm flirting with the idea that it's a bad thing that you didn't
learn anything that have become boring because I'm not driven by the anxiety of being a good
or a bad show. So now I'm seeing it sitting here.
Yeah. You're the reason we don't see the character after the movie's over. Exactly. You're the
reason the movie's over. Right. You know what I mean? Like, it's not like we just stick
around after the credits and then he's still just like, yep, still happy. Yeah. You know,
the movie's over unless he joins the Avengers. Yeah. After the credits, maybe you join the
Avengers, Diane. Uh, that's nice for you. Yeah. I guess, is there an Avengers for like
just, just, just, just, just people with houses that like to take bubble baths? If there is,
we can go and buy it at this comic book store. We'll have it. If there is one, adventures
comes to watch. Right. Yeah. Uh, so you wrote a book. I did. It's called Crap Kingdom.
I like our Beastie Boys. Uh, it's called Crap Kingdom. Yeah. And it's not out yet. It's
not quite out yet. It's not out. It's out. It's going to be out on March 7th, but the
reason that I'm doing, I'm promoting it before it's actually out. So I'm trying to get people
to pre-order it. So badly do I want them to pre-order it that if you pre-order it, which
you can do on Amazon, you can do it pals books, all these different places that sell books
online. Uh, and you send me the receipt at CrapKingdom at gmail.com. I will write your
name into a custom rap song and or crap song. Interesting. Get us some overlap there. Uh,
and you gave me an advanced copy and it, it has so many. It's, it's, it's filled with
pages and, uh, uh, Dan, Dan, what was your favorite part of the book? I, I, I just, I,
like, the binding, like, I love the concept of like, like, like, there's separate pages,
but all of them are together. I insisted on that. I was like, I know that most books
are just bricks with scrawl on them, but I want individualized pages. Cause I feel like
that's where the medium's going. The elevator pitch is that it's a guy who's beckoned to
be the savior of a fantasy world. It's kind of a young adult novel. Uh, and it's, it's,
it's a, it's a Jeff. Uh, it's about a guy who gets beckoned to a fantasy world to be
its savior. And it sounds fascinating. Mr. Harmon, the world's, the world's kind of
crappy and, uh, he doesn't, he doesn't, he doesn't take them up on it. It doesn't want
to be part of the fantasy world. It's a novel. Yes. That's awesome. Thank you. That's, that's
very, I'm very impressed by that. That's very cool. I think more people should do that.
I think everyone should do it. No, I don't think everybody should. Okay. I think novelists
should write novels. Okay. But people given a gift. So if you haven't already written
a novel, uh, you're not a novelist, so don't write a novel. But if you have already written
a novel, continue doing so. I mean, people that have to give for writing pros and for
writing. Oh, I see. You know, like, don't, don't, you don't think where there should
be like a weird freaky Friday thing where like I become a sushi chef and then he becomes
a novelist. I think that he probably be now should Jiro write a novel. That's my new novel.
My new novel is called, uh, called sushi writer. Is it true that they're called novels? Cause
at one point it was like a weird new thing to do. These are novels. Holy shit. Look at
this thing. Books used to be epistolary. There were letters. Yeah, there were letters back
and forth. But the idea of telling a story about a thing that happened to a person that
was, that was a very novel. Do you think that I learned that novel is just a lie? You know,
I mean, it was a book that was ostensibly like, was it just like that, uh, what, not
50 shades of gray? What's it called? The guy that was on Oprah, um, Stephen Frey or whatever.
What's that? Yeah. James Frey. Yeah. That, that, well, like if he had been in medieval
times, would he have been like the first novelist and he was like, it's just a lie, but we
can say I amazing. I'm amazing. They do talk a lot. Don't they, Dan? Yeah. Yeah. No, it's
a town meeting. Really. Honestly. If you go out to any of these fuckers, it's like a whole
show. What's your name? Sean. Just Jesus Christ. You handed him a mic. Hand it, handed it to
him or put it in his face like a, like a journalist. Like what's your name, sir? My name is Sean.
I was just saying that like early defo novels, like, uh, it's reported that like the person
like, you know, rams and cruise. So sent in his journals and he's, I'm defo just, you
know, giving them to you. Right. He was passing it off as actual, actual history. Yeah. Isn't
that interesting, Jeff? And what's your name? Scott. See? Oh, just all just people. When
were you born? What year? 1989. That's crazy. What were you doing in 1989? I was going like,
oh, I'm afraid to tell my friends I'm not into this Batman movie as much as they are.
I wouldn't get that tattoo if I were you. They'll probably change the logo. If I'm,
if I'm them, I'm going to change that logo. It looks like my mom looked at that Batman
logo from the Tim Burton movie and she said, is that teeth? It looks like yellow. If you
look at the yellow parts, it looks like teeth. Yeah. Yeah. Like a little teeth monster is
going to get you. I like that. That guy said 1989, but when he said 19, it sounded like
it was going to be a much older year. You know what I mean? He's like 19. Like it sounded
like it was going to be 89 is an older year. It's like, it was like, yeah, back then the
air was new to him. 89 was like the stone age. He's, he's an asshole with it. Old man.
Yeah. Uh, uh, uh, yeah. Everybody else all at the same time. What's your name? They all
said Zach. How can everyone be named Zach? It's amazing. With one voice. Sorry. Well,
they're, uh, the, uh, electrocuting prisoners down the, uh, the, everyone's. Do you have
Harmontown death row? Yeah. You forgot to make the call because you were doing the show.
So they didn't get the pardon. Yeah. I'm just waiting for that call from Mr. Harmon. I know
it's going to come through. I learned law and prison. I put this packet together. I
sent it to him. It's an airtight defensive. Why I wasn't there. He'll read it. I'm sorry.
Oh, Mallory, your pardon hasn't come through. Yeah. From my voice, you can tell my last
name is Oh, Mallory. I was trying to soften up the racism.
I was trying to stand off the edges. I'm part of a demographic often sentenced to death,
bless my lucky charms. We can call each other leprechauns.
I was friends with a kid named Sean Malarkey in grade school. His last name was Malarkey.
It's crazy. I know I've said it before on Harmontown, but my teacher had a friend named
Pat Mawini. I told you about Jeremy Dick and Jeremy Dick. I told the story. Jerry, me
dick. No, don't dissect that. His name was Jeremy Dick. That's no big deal. Jeremy Dick,
but rumor had it. His dad's name was Harry and his mom's name was Aima. Probably not.
Probably not. Right. So, so then I ran into him. I was in grade school with him. I told
the story, right? On the podcast. It might be pre-podcast. I don't know. Oh, it is. Okay.
All right. Fuck you guys. All right. I ran into him in a kitchen. I was like, smoking
a joint with him. Like this kid that I knew in grade school. There's rumors. Jeremy Dick,
you know his dad's name is Harry and his mom's name is Aima. And I was like, that's not astronomically
possible. Like that's not, that doesn't happen. You don't, you don't, you're not Harry Dick
and you meet a woman and she says her name's Aima and you're like, let's get married. It
just doesn't happen. Have you read my script? And then I ran into him and I was, I'm standing
in a kitchen. I'm probably like, like, like, I don't know, 18, 19 years old. Let's say
21 because I have a joint in my hand so that I don't, I don't want to get, I don't know
if he can get sued or whatever. But, and I, and I, and I, and there's Jeremy Dick. This
kid from, he's a grown man now. And I was passing the joint and I go, Hey man, I always
wanted to ask you, was your, was your dad's name really Harry? And he said, yeah, yeah.
And I, and I said, now, okay, but your mom's name wasn't Aima, was it? And he, and he said,
my mom's dead man.
Oh, so therefore she didn't have a name.
Yeah.
Also, did he ask you, is, hey man, is it legal to smoke weed when you're 21?
Because you've been spreading that around.
Yeah, I don't know. I don't know what eggshells I'm trying to walk on with, but it's, it's,
it's not, it's not, it's not legality. It's, it's, it's, it's, it's what, what are you,
19, Mavie? What are you, 18? Oh, Jesus. See, like, just don't do, do, do as I say, don't
do as I do, that I say that I do.
You say do drugs though.
I, I say I did a lot of them and then I have a huge house. If you connect those dots,
you, you, that's your mistake that you've made.
But imagine how big his house could be if he didn't.
Exactly.
I just can't get over the fact that we have Jesus and God on the same stage.
That's a lineup.
You've done great. I'm so sorry. I, I, I completely ignored you while everyone murdered you.
Yeah, it's cool. Man, I wanted to know Breakfast Club better in that moment so I could launch
into like the smoke up Johnny Monologue from Jesus's point of view.
See, this is what you get when you, when you, when you're in Gethsemane and, and you take
the cup.
Sorry I set you up for that.
He's showing, he's showing a hole in his palm instead of the, last supper club.
This show is great. This show is great.
We're fucking killing it, man.
I know. And it's because I stopped being about me because I became God.
This show has never stopped being about you for a second.
I achieved apotheosis. I stopped caring about the show. The mistake we made at the very
tippy top of the show was focusing on me because I have nothing left to like, so, so bring
up DC Pearson. Oh, nice. Now you're killing it. You're doing you a little riffy bits.
Yeah.
You're dropping bombs from a three point line over there.
I'm fucking nailing it.
This is the show, Jeff.
Now you fucked it again.
Dan, will there be, will there be a point where you will lay down the mantle of being
Dan Harmon?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I know. I'm grooming Spencer.
Okay.
And I, and I don't, don't, I don't mean in the, in the literal sense because I know
that is very impressive.
Yeah.
That would be, that would be a, a, a Sisyphean task.
Grooming Spencer. That's a whole indie movie that you have to.
Grooming Spencer was, that was a slam dance this year, right?
I think, I think Spencer should have his own podcast where he sits in his red flannel shirt
and like talks to, talks to friends and, and talks about what's going on. He's much smarter
and, and much younger and has much more to offer.
And also I, I ran into Spencer last night and I, I don't know if I've seen you since
we got back, maybe once Spencer, I don't know, but you seem like activated. You seem
like, like, like he came back like charged up by that tour.
He feels, he feels a little smiley, but not in an artificial way. Like I, I, I like seeing
him happy. He's kind of like, yeah, he feels a little more energized. He's not afraid to
look slouched down into a sedentary fucking glacial, like Spencer's a glacier. He's like
a force of nature. If he disagrees with you, then there's a river there where the disagreement
happened. Like you can't really argue with it because he doesn't disagree unless there's
like logic on his side and then you're fucked.
But, but, but, but just like, yeah, there's a, there's a, there's a little buoyancy that
I'll take credit for. I think I changed Spencer as a God boy, but wait, so you're really turning
into a villain and I don't, I don't care. You got a shirt on with your picture on it.
Like all the great villains do, Lex Luthor's line of Luthor t-shirts, Hannibal Lecter, visit
my cafe press Clarice, Hannibal Lecter in the first season, Jody Foster has like the
icon with the actual mask. Like, even though he hasn't worn it yet in the movie, why, why
are you wearing that weird shirt, Dr. Lecter? But it says, it says got kryptonite. Yeah,
Hannibal Lecter? Yeah, because he's a big villain fan. Oh, I see. I'm a, he's a villain's
villain. Yeah, he's a, he's a fan of Lex Luthor. Did you see Hannibal Rising? No. They fucking,
they made a prequel to this goddamn character, this beloved guy that eats people who's famous
for the famous images of him wearing this mask. And in the movie, they walk you down the road
of why you could be a good person and sexy and decide to start eating people. And on
top of it all, he also like wears like a weird precursor to the mask in the movie. Doesn't
make sense at all. Like he, like he thinks, someone gives him like a, the Japanese call
this a cuckoo boo boo. And, and, and, and like he's wearing, it's, it looks like the thing
from the airplane hanger. That's only a famous image because it's a famous image. It's not,
it has nothing to do with his origin. Yeah, it's not like he was on the plane being like,
I want to wear that. And they were like, all right, man. Now, I could get used to this.
How do I get one of those? You have to eat a lot of people. It is, it is, it is actually
bad to the point of worth watching. I like that prequels aren't like how this person
actually got to become who they are. It's just like, Hey, remember this? Remember this
is a cool gift. Yeah. Now it's in a movie. But even worse, the prequels that are like
all, you don't even get, remember this. All you get is anticipate this. Right. Like, like,
like, like, you know, you make a prequel to like, like, like, we're breakfast club and
it's just like, you're just watching people like, like, like, you know, should I pierce
my ear? I think I will. And you're supposed to go, fuck yeah. Fuck you. Get with the breakfast
club. Should I get, should I get dantra? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You're using the wrong
shampoo, young lady. What am I watching? I feel like if you were to watch any, any great
movie, if you were to watch its prequel before you had seen the actual great movie that allowed
there to be a prequel in the first place, everything in that prequel, I don't know of
a prequel that doesn't do this, just completely licks the donut of what ends up being good
about these things. Like, Prometheus is just a giant feature length donut lick of alien.
Fuck you, Prometheus. It's just dudes. I don't care if you haven't seen it. Somebody
said, fuck you. That's Damon Liddell off. Like, yeah, like, what? Yeah. I mean, seriously,
yeah, that is the weird thing. Like, I really, he's, he's adorable. He's a Channel 101 fan.
Right. But, but come on, I'm an alien fan. Like, like, like, you can't fuck. No amount
of press releases is going to, you can't give me instructions to go into it. Don't watch
this wrong. You called it an alien prequel, you fuckers. Well, yeah. And the fact that
they're like every, remember every amazing, cool, iconic thing from the first 10 minutes
of alien. You know how you've wondered for like 20 years, what's inside of that thing?
The cool thing is that I don't know. What if what was inside of it was dudes? Dudes and
goo. Dudes and goo. Dudes and goo. On the road this summer, dudes and goo. Solving crimes.
This looks like a great place to build a Nakatomi Plaza. Not a good movie. Idea.
Now, these Indians are to rest in this burial ground, never to have a suburban home built
on it. If we're Craig T. Nelson, we'll someday live.
I say, young one, you have done a very good job building the cemetery. Let's go have a
beer. Our work is done. And the young Craig T. Nelson gets the keys to the cemetery. I'll
do fine. All right, wait, I'm sorry. Craig T. Nelson, he was the hero in that movie.
He's so often the villain, I forgot. Fuck you guys. Edit it out. It's going to seem
like I'm a god. Also edit out all the parts where I say I'm a god. Because that makes
me seem like I'm a god. How long until you're just walking around L.A. doing your normal
business and you just have an awkward interaction with like a barista or something like, edit
this out. Edit this out. Edit this out. I don't like this. I'm a god. I'm a god. I'm
a god. Edit it out. Edit it out. All right, well, thank you D.C. Pearson.
Thanks for having me. I appreciate it. Is there anything else you want to say about
your second book? Yeah, people should go to crappkingdom.com if they
want to buy the book. Please pre-order it. I'm trying to get on the New York Times best
seller list. It's a good book. You'll enjoy it. And then I'll write your name into a rap
song. How great would that be? Why don't you write someone's name from here right now
into a rap song. Sweet. Let's do it. Maddie's? You got it. Yeah, do Maddie. Maddie. Maddie
rap. Maddie. Yeah, Maddie. I gotta fucking put my hood up for this shit. Okay, get the
hood on. Okay. He's putting his rap hood on. Rap hood's up. Maddie, Maddie, Maddie, Maddie.
Jeff Davis doesn't really know about Maddie's. He seems to think that Hannibal is Lex Luthor.
Yeah, this thing, this show is the fucking truth, son. And that's why I rap and that's
why I rhyme. And I did not have the right beat time at the beginning of this rap about Maddie.
She wants to talk about cookies. I will do so gladly. We can talk about Kebler's. Talk
about Entomans. Do they make cookies? I think they did. Yeah. If you buy my book, I will
write the raps in advance. DC Pearson. Thank you, sir. Crab Kingdom. Yeah. Yeah, man. It's
on autopilot. I just bring cool people up and just let it rip. Yeah. How are we doing
on time, buddy? We're doing good. I think it might be time to bring up maybe somebody
else. Really? Yeah. And let's segue into playing D&D. Yeah. So let's bring up one
of my funniest friends in the world with one of the most adorable accents, who is often
here lurking in the background, but who has never been on stage here, which is a crime.
He's never been on our show. Has he? I don't think he's ever been up here. No, no. Let's
welcome stage Kumeo Nanjiani, everybody. Hey, how's it going? I feel like there's a lot
of pressure on my accent right now. It's pretty adorable. Is it? Yeah, yeah. I want to squeeze
it's little accent cheek. It's called the 15 years out of Pakistan. Yeah, I like it.
15 years. Makes me feel fancy. Oh, you guys were talking about, I always hate what they
do like a movie where it's like a kid version of somebody like there was a movie. I saw
the preview and it was about British people. I didn't know what it was. And then there's
one scene where the mom is like, come down for dinner, John Lennon. And then you find
out it's about John Lennon. There's always like, or like in fucking the new Batman movie
that Joseph Gordon Levitt's name is Robin. That's his real name. That's the fucking worst
thing. That is retarded with all due respect to my retarded sister, which means I can say
retarded. Like, that is so retarded. That whole movie was unbelievable. That movie was
like watching a guy trying to tie his shoe with a stack of teacups on his head. And he's
not good at it. It's his first time. Yeah, yeah. Like, yeah, nothing. Like, like, you're
just sitting there the whole time going, well, I could do that. What also is the end a dream
sequence when he's actually in, because Michael Cain, they're in the same cafe that was in
his dream. That's a real dream that one day he'll be at a restaurant. Yeah, drinking
Farnette Branque. Really? Yeah, your favorite drink, Jeff. Sweet. Farnette Branque. He shares
a dream with Christian Bale at one point and says, I have a dream that one day I'll be
in a restaurant and you won't be Batman anymore. And you'll be eating an omelet and I'll be
having a Farnette Branque. And you won't even acknowledge me. Why not? You'll be like,
Holy shit, I'm not Batman anymore. Get over here. Where are the fucking on? What the fuck
are you drinking? From your dream? Farnette Branque is on the house? Jesus fucking Christ.
Not only were you my fucking confidant and guy that sewed me up when I lost fights to
supervillains, on top of all that, you were my fucking butler. Butler, that's already
worth hanging out after we're retired. Why would you ignore her? Why? I want to see all
the scenes where they just go to random cafes. Like, all right, he's not at this one. Let's
keep going to the next one. We had to go to hundreds of cafes. And also, on top of it
all, really, Alfred, dumb dream, stupid fantasy, dumb. He just seemed good while hunting.
So he was like, he himself knows that some men just want to see the world burn. He can't
drum up a better fantasy than hanging out at a cafe. He's a butler. Well, he didn't do
it for me. The butler didn't do it. I don't know, a lot of ridiculous Alfred fans out
in the audience, like, really? Alfred fans? Did you guys really love Dark Knight Rises?
A couple people, you liked it? What's your name? Rebecca. Rebecca, you loved it? I did.
I thought it was deep. You thought it was deep? That's very brave of you. Did you just say
you thought it was deep? Well, don't don't. Are you 14? I'm sorry. Let's walk a line
between communicating with her and bullying her. That's very brave of her to like. Yeah,
yeah, yeah. Rebecca, bad cop. Would you be willing to come up and talk about it a little
bit? Yeah, Rebecca, everybody. Rebecca. Here, take this. Is that one? Here, you take this
mic. Oh, wow. God just gave me a microphone. It's kind of my lifelong dream. So you thought,
I haven't seen the film, so I cannot weigh in on this either way. I was too busy reading
literature. Well, that's how Batman started. Like many forms of literature, Batman, the
Dark Knight Rises, grappled with some themes. I feel like you haven't rehearsed this. No,
it grappled with some themes that I thought were deep. So what themes did you like? Well,
the striving for true freedom, like true human freedom out of the shot, like de shackling
ourselves from tyranny, whether but the villains were espousing that theme. That's exactly
right. Exactly, which is why I really thought it was like true revolution hasn't been really
tried. Because every time humans have tried revolution, the people who are making the
revolution become the dictators. And so it's exploring those themes. How seductive the
idea of, you know, let's anarchy. But I mean, you've seen Fight Club, right? So just watch
Fight Club again. No, but... But Fight Club doesn't have Batman in it. Fair enough. Every
movie would be better with Batman. Casablanca is great. But what if Batman showed up? Well,
that is true. That is absolutely true. Thank you, Rebecca. Well done. Thank you. I don't
want that heroism to go unnoticed. I mean, that's fucking rough, man. We're trained in
the society. If there's like a, what do you call it, a zeitgeist or a collective consensus
that's being emitted via groans and someone bothers to go, you know, I don't know. I get
really protective of those people because I'm like, God damn it. That is what happened
to all of us on the playground. This is like a collection of people who all got picked
on on the playground. We were all on the business end of... There's probably some really handsome
well-built guy in the back that's like, fuck you. Like, I come to Harmontown for the fitness
tips and now you're bullying me. That's collateral damage. You can stay here, Tad. Nerds are nerds
too. You're welcome here. But anyways, whatever. I was just speaking, it was just so cool that
somebody would go like, I like Batman Rising. I insist on getting the title right. Is that
it? Now's a good time, honey, to bring Spencer up to the stage so we have him.
Yeah, I didn't really clarify that. The reason Kumail is here is because Kumail like, like
very passionately, like, like, like, like, is it, does this throw you into the bus in
any weird reverse way? Like, like, like, like Kumail is always like haunting the back.
He's the Phantom of Nerdmelt. You make it sound like I've been very desperate to come
up here. No, no, no, no. Maybe it's my turn today. No, no, no, no, no. I'll go and dream
of you in a cafe. He's a professional stand-up with a very funny act. He doesn't have to.
He doesn't, he doesn't, he doesn't, he doesn't crave the spotlight. I'm saying, specifically,
you were very enamored when we started bringing Spencer up and playing D&D. No, I, I, I, I,
from the very get-go, you were like, holy shit, what is this? What is this? I want, I want
to do this. I've never played D&D and it's like completely in my wheelhouse. I just never
played it. I mean, I've played like RPG video games themselves. You seem like you should
have played D&D. Yeah. That's not a compliment. No, it's not. No, no, it's not. We were at
the drawing room like, you know, a couple weeks before the Harmontown tour and you're
like, I really want to like kind of hang out with Spencer. I really want to play that game.
Like, there was a fascination there. Which is the same as Spencer saying before he came
to the first show that he came to. I feel like I should be playing D&D with Dan Harmon
and then came to a show and I said, anyway, attention masters in the audience. I'm telling
you, if you don't write the show, God's writing it. That seems so. This means you're going
to be great at D&D. I hope that seems just as plausible now as Alfred running into Batman
at the cafe, right? But if God, if God is writing the show and you're God, the show is being
written by me, by you, but like off the cuff. Okay. Who's who's made that noise? That's
not a weird noise. Yeah. What was that noise? It's not a theme music. Like there was like
that. As you're feeling the dumb, dumb, dumb. Uh, Spencer, how are you doing? I'm doing
so good. I called you babe. I just called you babe. Did you catch that? I'm kind of
a babe. Actually, as I say that, I realized I'm wearing my eye, my eye D20 Spencer pin.
My eye heart Spencer. It's true. He is. It's a goodie. I bet Spencer does okay. What? I
bet you do okay, right? No. See me after the show. He'll explain to you. I'll tell you
why. I have a bulleted list. At the top is I make bulleted lists. Are you a list maker?
Oh yeah. It's awesome. It's like, cause if I don't have a list, you know, I'm just like
I'm thinking of everything. I'm like, okay, I need new shoes at some point. But today
I got to go to the bank and in a bit I have to do something and then there's someone I
want to talk to. But so if you have a little list, it's not swirling around your head. It's
just there. Right. Then you can think. That terrifies me because I like, like, when do
you make the list? Before you go to bed at night? The second you think of a thing, write
it down in a list of stuff you have to do. I want to, I want to be one of those people.
I know like, and you can't do it with electronics. You have to do it analog style. You have to
like write it down. Okay. All right. And like, I mean, electronics are awesome. But I mean,
for writing a list, like you have to think I have a pencil in my pocket with which to
write down. God dammit. I don't know. I don't know. I think this is actually the God baton
being passed right now. Yeah. Well, no, yeah. Yeah. Spencer's Jesus and I've got and Jeff
is a Ralph and I'm, I'm Muslim. I love Spencer like I love my little paper notepad. It's
nice to just have the physical act of writing something down makes my brain remember it typing
it in not so much. Jesus is in the Quran. Isn't he? Isn't he like a, doesn't he have a cameo
or something? Isn't there like a, no, if we want to get into it, someone's like, yes.
Who said that? Are you? She's an atheist. Okay. Were you ever not an atheist? Okay.
You've read the Quran just to be like a bullshit. Yeah. Jesus is in the Quran. The only difference
is that he once he dies, he does not come back. And he is not the son of God, but he
is a prophet, right? Which is, you know, like in Jesus Christ superstar, which is the best
telling of that myth in the fucking world, like it's awesome. Like it's a pretty heroic
act to get fucking murdered and, and be cool with it. Like that's enough. I don't need
to then see you at the grocery store the next day. I don't need magic tricks. Like heroism
like, like is as simple as being human and being like cool with people being the shit
out of you. And there, and there were a lot of people that anyways, all right, fuck it.
Will you raise Muslim? Yeah. Are you still practicing? Can I not answer that because
people will listen to it and we're not the most laid back people. Right. That's such
a bummer. Yeah, chill out Muslims. I mean, like, you know, people being bummed out about
other people. It's very hard for me to say anybody to say anything about Islam that isn't
completely agreeing with Islam is a very difficult thing, which is not to imply that that's what
I would have said, right? As a possibly very good Muslim. Yeah, potentially perfect Muslim.
Perfect Muslim. Camel, Joseph Campbell says like, like, like, like religion loses its function
the minute it becomes opaque. Like it's supposed to be like a stained glass window. You, you
can get as ornate as you want. You get you framing because you're you're drawing you're
drawing the audience's attention to a thing that's there that they never notice otherwise.
So yes, get festive, get crazy, get ceremonial, get ritualistic, make but but the moment it
becomes opaque and blocks the thing, the very thing that you're supposed to be drawing the
attention to, which is this, this non corporal thing, this light that shines through it anyways.
So if you're making a religion out there, you know, try to try to keep one foot out.
That's the other. It's like the Hokey Pokey religion. Like, it's important to to kind
of straddle, I think, the line between the Bible being a newspaper and, you know, and
and and dragons and dragons. And that goes for atheists, too, by the way, like, like your
Bible is is science and it's which is a fucking great religion because it's a bunch of priests
like joining hands and looking for the unknown. But if you like the whole point is that there's
something that's unknown. Sorry. Fuck. I'm sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Why are you sorry? So you said
you're going to get deep and when you know when you when you when you get there, you
kept it until the city, you kept you kept talking about religion and politics, and you kept
getting deep and you kept apologizing for it. Because politics, the reason politics and
religion are party breakers is because it's you're not really talking about yourself because
the reason they're called politics and religion is because you're not actually expressing
the way that you feel. And the whole and just saw firsthand the result of like, like, like
an individual being unable to like it's like there's political reasons. There's religious
reasons why an individual can't say I'd like a ham sandwich. I'd like, I think the weather
is nice today. This is how I feel about stealing. This is how I feel about capital punishment.
And for that same reason, it's kind of a, you know, when you get in your pulpit, you're
like, it's there's a fine line between being honest and being dishonest. It's when you
start speaking for other people and like, like, like it's, I'm just, I was just saying
something like, like, like Joseph Campbell, who I think is a is a was a really smart guy,
like said about religion, and he was super Catholic, but super smart, which too many
people think is a contradiction in terms. And it doesn't have to be like, like, like,
like, like religion, like, like, like can actually be like a smart person's tool to
deal with the cosmos. That that's a personal feeling that I'm sharing, not a, not a political
or like, like, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not the equivalent of like being
at a party and going like, this is that God wears a hat and he doesn't. I'm sharing that
idea. It's not, it's not, you can, it doesn't, you don't have to, doesn't have to be true
to you for you and I to get along. It doesn't, it's just an interesting thing to think about
that, that humankind like made these religions like, like, like we, our brains are capable
of doing that, that, that, that, that is neither enough, something to take too seriously, because
we also make poop. And we learned to flush that the fuck down the toilet. And that was
a great day that, that doubled our lifespan as a species.
Also, you didn't have to look at shit, but, but, but it's also something to not like totally
disregard because when you look at your shit, if there's blood in it, you know, there's,
that's a clue. There's this. So human beings make things, you know, you make shit. That's,
that makes us different from leopards. I think that leopards alone, that's the only animal.
If you're a leopard and you're listening, I'm coming after you. Stop the fucking gold
brick and start making shit, leopards. Get off of that limb and do some shit, invent
a broom. Stop lightly displaying yourself on a, on a branch and waiting for a wounded
gazelle. Where's your iPad? No, I mean, because Islam is definitely about rejecting the body
and embracing the spirit. And I think that's one of the, if I were to speak my mind, I
would say that suppression of the body is a, it can be a big mistake and it can come
out in very aggressive, violent. Yeah, yeah. It can also be a super cool thing. I stopped
jerking off and my sex life with Aaron has improved greatly.
Oh, so you've been having sex. Yeah. You just haven't been jerking off. Oh, yeah, yeah,
yeah. Oh, if I didn't have a girlfriend, I wouldn't bother to experiment with not jerking
off. That's ridiculous. If I didn't have a girlfriend, I would invent new ways to jerk
off. I would be telling these people, there's a, if you take a hammock and a, and a rotisserie
grill. Yeah. How big is your house? Even a leopard, if you, if you couldn't fuck another
leopard, he would, he would learn, he would invent new jerk off methods. So you're just,
okay. Yeah. Yeah. So it's, yeah, it's a little less heroic than you made it sound at the
beginning. Yeah. You're constantly having sex and jerking off usually. Yes. When you're
having sex, do you jerk off to finish during the sex? I don't think that counts as jerking
off. No, sometimes I would. Yeah. Sometimes I would. And that's part of the thing. Like
when you get into that thing, like your brain gets into like,
Eddie, leave the room. There's a, you know, I don't know. Yeah. I can't believe this started
with Joseph Campbell's views on religion. And that same exact thought, this is the same
thought. Future cough when you finish sex. Oh yeah. Yeah. Sometimes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
I know. It's like, we're like the view without the order. Yeah. I like it. I, I think that
stuff belongs in the same conversation. No, I think so too. I think so too. And you know,
because yeah, we're all about suppression of sex, sexual drive and I truly yeah, I mean,
we live in a world even like appetites, food, everything. There's six billion people in the
world. So now at this point, if you started to lower your guard, there's a million predators
that would immediately do shady shit. Same thing with legalizing drugs, all this shit.
But that's the problem of the momentum that we've had. The truth is on a technical, you know,
basis, like the truth is, I think we've learned this and we all know this, we just can't, we
just don't know how to put it in practice that, that, that, that the less inhibitions
like and the more self policing you allow, like the more that like people or you just
acknowledge that it's a thing instead of just suppressing and not even, I mean, I never,
I literally never got the sex talk. I learned sex, what sex was from watching a porno and
being like, this is very wrong. And I had a fever for three days. I really did. And nobody,
there's no sex education in Pakistan at all. Yeah, we've, we've talked about it over and
over and over again in our society. We, it's, it's, it's, it's plain as day. We talk about
it in history class how prohibition like gave rise to an entire organized crime kingdom
of like, like, like terrible alcohol that make you blind if you drank it and like, like,
you make something. That's how we are with sex right now. We're in Pakistan having sex
that wouldn't make us blind. That shit is going on behind closed doors. I mean, I'll
represent the West though and say we get a lot of senators and a lot of airplane stalls
doing a lot of weird airport stalls. Right. It's all of the bottom line is when the distance
between what's going on in your head and what's coming out of your mouth, like, like, like,
how shameful is it? What are you thinking? That's so fucking bad that if you said it,
something bad would happen to you. What is the bad thing that would happen to you? Would
you not be allowed to be a senator? Hey, maybe that means it's a shitty job. Maybe that means
you shouldn't be a fucking senator. Like, like, like, like, go like, like, like there's
so much shit to do out there. Go dig a goddamn hole, put a flower at it. You can, you can
do that. Think all kinds of shit about octopi. I don't know. So listen to your parents tell
you you're supposed to be a senator. Mom, dad, I want to fuck an octopus. I want to fuck
it real bad. I want to fuck an octopus so bad. I want to feel all eight tendrils just
wrapping me. I just want to fucking cum inside this fucking thing as cephalopod. And it's
like, I know I can't make it pregnant, but I just see him on TV and it's just fucking
my cock. It's hard as Gibraltar. I don't want to make the laws for Louisiana. I'm not
fit to do it. Are you giving the job to a guy that doesn't want the job? It's civil
service. It's not royalty. Are you implying that he wasn't, he was in the stall, he was
hoping an octopus would come in? That's the point of the glory hole. It could be anything
you want it to be. That's exactly right. Just, just, just bite down on pretend it's a beak.
I always think fucking an octopus would be a tough way to go, man. Yeah. There's some
shit inside there that you don't want fucking anything to do with. Well, I know but so much
suction cups, like all of the suction cups. That would be good. You haven't even thought
about this. Yeah, but the beak, I'm just, I, I go right to the beak. That thing is supposed
to be like, like he just crackle fucking. Octopus, octopus hand job, like think about
it. A million blowjobs wrapped around your dick at the same time. That is heaven. A
million blowjobs wrapped around your dick. Yeah. That is very poetic. That's a new, I,
I, I should, I should give credit where credit, that is the slogan for the new Dairy Queen
shake. Also, Octopi have an ability to, like, to, to, like, fill any tiny little crevice
like they can, they can, yeah, they can, like, yeah. As long as they could go right up, right
up your, right up your ass hole, get in there and just fucking rip the suction, your prostate,
let you have it. Oh, they'd be squirreling around in there. Yeah. They're all, yeah.
They can fit through any hole that's at least as big as their eyeball. So if your asshole
is bigger than an octopus's eyeball, you're having a great day. Yeah, so, yeah, wait,
wait, you, you, you go octopus shopping and you're like, uh, a smaller eye, please. Sir,
sir, what are you intending to do with this? Oh, okay. There's like a trial room in the
back that you have to try the octopus. Yeah, there's an ophthalmologist thinking put your
chin on a thing and it's got little, measures your eyeball. Like, uh, we, uh, I think I
know exactly what you're looking for. So what's better, this or this?
All right. Somebody's, somebody's going to be the fun police. We got to, we, we, we,
we, we, we, let's play some D&D with our tricks, shall we? Yeah. Is Aaron here? Yeah, Aaron's
uh, Erin McGathy to the stage. Erin McGathy. Does Aaron have a mic? Is there a mic for
Aaron? Do you have an extra mic? Emily's on the job. Okay. Emily Gordon. Hello, Aaron.
Fun show guys. Do you ever, you ever, you ever think of wearing more sweaters with like
multiple sleeves? Like, like, like six extra sleeves. Um, I don't think about that, but
I do think about constructing like a really hard beak, like a tire on my head. It'd be
like a Bane mask. Uh, Emily, Camille's wife was just telling me backstage, you know, Camille's
uh, weirdly obsessed with Octopus, with Octopi. Okay. Is that? The nature of my obsession
is slightly different from the context that we're in. It starts with the Quran. I am
obsessed. They, uh, they're like, uh, very, they're, uh, uh, actually, uh, uh, um, um,
kind of a towel for fuck's sake. He's sweating. Give me eight towels. I, I, uh, they're actually
hyper smart and they can learn to open jars and love. They, they can predict the, uh,
the elections. They can predict elections and seasons. And one, uh, scientist actually
had this, and you know, he had this octopus in his like aquarium, but it was open. It was
like his pet and he came in one day and the octopus was out of the aquarium and they can
learn to mimic humans. And wait, wait, wait, wait. No, they, it's wearing a lab coat. It's
on the way in the parking lot.
It's like the end of silence. Oh, wait, I'm just putting on a hat and going into Panama.
He was shoving another octopus up its ass. No, he came in and he saw the octopus like
just flipping through a book, which at that point you just fucking killed yourself.
So is it like, like, like, like it knew how to use the book.
It had seen the scientists flipping pages and so it was just there like, oh, hey, uh,
just, uh,
That is weird.
Needs more character development.
I was, I was at an airport and there was a flight delay and there was a child with a,
with a mother and father and the child was probably, I'd say two and a half, three. And
there was a magazine, uh, and the kid was wandering around and bothering everybody and
found like a newsweek and put it on his lap and started running its finger across it like
an iPad.
Yeah.
And couldn't, couldn't master magazine technology.
It's a sub octopus human.
You get, sit there buddy.
Oh, sure.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I, I, I was, I was, I was, I was running along, but I, but, but, but,
but the, the, the concept of intelligence, like, like, it's like, it's just nerve clusters.
Like, like, like, like, we have these giant brains, which I'm a huge fan of. I am on our
species side. I think that we need to decide right or wrong whether God made a mistake
making us this way. Like these super intelligent monkeys. It was a fucking gamble. We've been,
we've been in the planet's crosshairs for, for so long. It's like tough titties that
were given a little back, uh, uh, you know, and we'll straighten up our aim. But it's
like, like, we're a hard species to keep alive because we're a fucking huge, like double
zero bet on the roulette wheel of biological warfare. Like the idea of, of just flooding
this cranium with this folded over grotesque giant plate of spaghetti that has sentient
thought and makes decisions and is conscious of its own fucking death. Like meanwhile ants
are like, nah, well, we'll stick with what's working. And they'll probably beat us. Like,
like they will. They've been around for so long.
They don't have depression.
Right.
They're not things. Like we look at them and you step on one ant and you go like that poor
thing or I feel bad or I feel great cause I got fired today. But it's like the fucking
ant doesn't care that much. And yet it's part of this gigantic fucking incredibly sophisticated
organism called an ant colony. That is the actual, that's the actual species is the colony.
It's not, it's not Mike, like the plumber. It's like, like the little, the little things
you're seeing. They're just like, anyways, I was like, like the idea of intelligence.
And like, we were obsessed with the idea that, oh, of course you'd evolve towards that, but
this octopus knows how to pretend to read a book.
Well, let's do some wishful thinking right now and let, let Kameo play some D and D for
pity's sake.
Yeah.
Are we Spencer?
Get us up to date.
Slowly he hands out his character sheets prematurely. Jeff hits the Spencer theme. Not knowing.
Dan does his impression of Spencer. He doesn't know whether Spencer likes it or not. He's
been doing it a lot.
Spencer finds it just fine before resuming his introduction.
When we last met after almost spending an entire tour trapped within its fleshy confines
our, our heroes had slain the mighty Infinifish. The party was flung out onto the ground of
a strange land. After pulling themselves up, the party surveyed the landscape. The surrounding
plants and trees were tremendous emanating powerful and strange presences. The violet
sky was full of orange balls of light bouncing and bobbing in the sky like blub, bubbles.
The Infinifish corpse lay in the strange forest strewn about the felled trees composing its
deathbed. Soon the party was accosted by a strange pair wielding axes who took the party
to their camp after a tense introduction. Just then a misty fog rolled in, addling the
minds of all parties involved and causing them to act strangely for a time.
Yeah, that, that was fucked up.
That was, that was some Virginia Woolf shit, yeah.
The pair explained they had been searching for a rare legendary artifact known as the
Soul of Growth, progenitor of all plant life and natural energy in the multi-verse. The
mysterious entity roos rumored to be on twyla, the plane of angels forest. They fucked around
for a while. Then in a fit of progress, the barbarian fled south in hopes of finding the
Soul of Growth through sheer coincidence. The rest, the rest of the ragtag group trailing
behind.
Thank you Spencer, wow.
I wanna ask a sidebar question about the inhabitants of the Infinifish that we had met and learned
to relate to and are they all dead?
Well okay, like imagine an infinitely long fish, right?
No problem.
If you were, if you exploded out of it at point A and they were, you know, you were farther
along than they were, they were spit out at some unknown point X if they survived. So
even if they did, there would be no way of you guys really knowing you were pretty far
down the fish.
Oh so it's like lost, like if we need them we'll find out that the tail section crashed
somewhere else.
Or you cared, you know, last episode you probably would have, you know, tried to look for them
and maybe found them.
I mean I'm just saying, they did what you want to do happens, you know.
Hey listen man, those two guys, they paid a thousand bucks to play D&D. I was so concerned
with making them.
Is this a thousand like actual dollars?
Yeah.
And they got up there and nothing happened. Aaron ultimately killed them and made up
with them like four times and it was really wild. Nobody knew what was going on.
I wanted them to kill you but they didn't want to.
Wait, why did you want them to kill us? It would be a good prize.
Well they only had one day. Also I met a horse.
Yeah, Coco.
He's my horse, Coco.
Yeah, you get a horse, yeah.
Yeah.
Kumele, I have a horse now.
What's the horse's name?
Coco.
Yep.
Is it like just a horse horse or like a talking horse?
I mean, I can understand her. Is she just a horse? No. But technically yes, but technically
yes.
Okay, just so much more to you than a horse.
Yes, yes.
Got it.
So I was trying to leave this group, right?
You guys, yeah.
So you struck off South and the team.
It surged the soul of growth.
Yeah, and you know, the team just kind of followed along because that seemed like a
cool idea.
Well, if I said that it was in a blackout drunk, what I really want to do is like root around
and see if my concern is for the people that were in that fish, you know, like we're covered
in viscera.
Like I'm going to root around a little bit and see if I can find them.
Like you guys are, okay, so like in the fish, around the fish, or just in general anywhere
on this forest?
Well, we landed in a big pile of fish goo.
True.
I'm looking for more fish wreckage.
I'll take the outer perimeter, Coco and I will trot around the outer perimeter looking
for people.
Okay, so you could go either east or west.
I go east.
You go east along the side of the fish.
You travel quite some way, but you feel that the fish goes on for infinity.
It's a long fish, Coco.
You see no split on the side of the fish.
If there was anyone spat out, it wasn't here.
Okay.
All right.
You feel like it'd take several days to actually go through the whole length of this fish.
Can I ask a question?
Why are you guys looking for people who've fallen out of the fish?
They didn't even.
They just lived in it.
Yeah.
But you're concerned, Dan, about these people.
Why are you guys looking for them?
He's a compassionate soul.
He's a human being.
Oh, okay.
What in the hell am I?
What kind of world is this?
All right.
Okay.
Just like concern for your humanity.
All right.
Got it.
I don't understand.
So, where are you heading now, Sharpie?
You're looking for people, but you didn't.
Well, now I lost my friend.
It's true.
I'm looking for the soul of growth.
I'm on my way south, baby.
You head south.
The trees and get taller and thicker.
There doesn't really seem to be a path, but soon you come across a massive thicket of
trees that walls off any remaining progress.
The ground before you is littered with bones and bits of flesh and pieces of metal and
little scraps of things as well as half-eating animals.
I try to detect a trap around me.
You detect traps about you best to be careful.
Okay.
I stand perfectly still.
Good plan.
If you're rustling in the brush, someone makes it through the thick tangle of trees and the
plain view.
He calls out, watch out for those traps.
They'll get you.
That's the introduction for a Kuhmels character who wanders on to frame.
Who goes there?
Fennett?
Fennett, if you want to change your name, I just write random things.
Fennett.
Yeah, like Fennett.
Okay.
I'll change my name.
Do it.
Improved.
Chris de Burghh.
Nice.
I wrote Lady in Red.
Oh, shit.
I like that.
It's a great song.
It is a good song.
God.
Wait, you wrote Lady in Red?
Yeah, man.
I got it.
Shit's been bad since then, though.
Who sang it, though?
Who sang Lady in Red?
I sang it also.
You sang it, too.
That's one of those guys that you never know who sang like that song.
That's great.
It was me, Chris de Burghh.
What are you doing in this thick forest surrounded by traps?
Shit got fucked, man.
That was a big song.
It was really good.
I was like...
But you must have got all the royalties off that, right?
Yeah.
But you know what happened was they started having proms themed around my song.
Never sent me royalty checks for that.
And I thought I could write that theme forever, so there was a Lady in Pink, which I'm sure
you've never heard of.
No.
See, you can't go back to the well.
Like, yeah.
Lady in yellow.
There was a dude in red, which...
Have you ever heard of dudes in goo?
No, I've been here a long time.
Oh, yeah.
What brings you out here?
What are you up to?
Well, there's a lot of traps around.
Are they your traps?
No, I didn't set these traps.
I wish I could afford traps.
Do you need some money?
Are you hungry?
What do you need, man?
Money would be great.
I'd give them a couple small coins to get them to the day, Spencer.
The only trap I fell into was my own ineptitude with financial...
Why not the music industry, man?
It's really wild.
It's brutal.
Yeah.
Can I...
I have a question about my spell, Detect Thoughts.
Am I able to use that to find friends?
You'd be able...
Okay, so if someone was behind a wall thinking, like, you'd be able...
I'd go, oh, that stands Thoughts.
But, like, it's not a huge range, so you'd be able to...
All mine's come to me or whatever.
You know what?
Coco and I track down Sharpie and scoop him.
Rejoining your compatriot.
You scoop him up into a horse.
Hey, I don't think finding these people that lived in the fish
doesn't seem to be a narratively profitable adventure.
I agree.
But I think that everybody noted what a great humanitarian you are.
Thank you.
That's honestly what's important.
More important than the lives themselves, yeah.
Are there any animals around me, Spencer, that I can talk to?
I'm here.
No, no, no. I'm not an animal. I'm like little, like woodland creatures or anything.
I mean, you don't see any, right?
You could, like, maybe do a call.
I do a squirrel.
Squirrel.
Call.
Do I have any...
I just...
You think magic is dumb, if I recall correctly.
Yeah.
You have some science items that are made with alchemy and whatnot,
but they're not so much magical.
Yeah, so, Chris...
What's your name?
Corpse.
What do you do for a living?
I got a great new idea for a song.
Oh, yeah?
Corpse in red.
I'm just a known barbarian.
I'm out for adventure and for profit,
but I really think you need to not keep going back to that same idea.
I don't know. It really worked great that one.
I know, but like, yeah, but like...
But it's like, you know, like...
You worked a song, right?
Chubby Checker.
Lady in red.
She's dancing with me.
Chubby Checker song.
Doing the twist, right?
Yeah.
Then he tried to rewrite the twist a thousand times and they all sucked.
You know, it's like, learn from Chubby Checker.
Like, what's on your mind?
Like, what's...
What's some actual pain?
I have an idea for a new song.
It's about...
Is it about being in a color?
It's going to be about like, you meet someone and then it's like,
call me maybe, you know?
Okay.
So that'll be the song.
I like that.
Yeah.
It's better than that.
Okay.
That is just to change subjects briefly.
I'm looking for the soul of growth.
Do you know anything about that?
Do I?
Do you want me to fill him in?
Yeah, what is the soul of growth?
Disess your character.
Yeah.
The soul of growth is a rumored artifact that's, you know,
supposed to be on Twyla.
That's this plane we're on, you see.
It's rumored to be able to create life and birth even, you know,
planes and the magical plants and all sorts of crazy shit.
Like, this whole forest used to just be the soul of growth
until it expanded.
So, it's a pretty big deal around here.
So, yeah, I've heard of it.
Wait, it's a pretty big deal around here.
Have you ever been there?
Could you show me the way?
If I...
You seem like you're a little down in your luck.
I've got some...
I've got a sack of nuts.
I'll give you some nuts.
No, I'll give you some money.
No, it's like food, like actual nuts.
I can forage for nuts.
Do you have any, like, ham sandwiches?
Do I have any meat in my inventory?
You should have some, like, foodstuffs.
Okay, I...
I apply him with foodstuffs and say,
if you show me the way, I'll feed you.
I'll make sure that you...
We'll maybe collaborate on some songs together,
and we'll go...
You know what?
Soul of Growth sounds like a great place
to get your career back on track.
Oh, my God.
That does.
Because that's who it needs growth.
Yeah.
My career.
Exactly.
All right.
If it can create a plane,
it could certainly write us a new song.
It needs to be a hit song.
I've written hundreds of songs.
Okay, but I just see, you know,
because I'm fronting you just money and food off the top,
I get 80% of your back end.
That sounds like a good deal.
Okay, cool.
Do I actually know where it is?
I mean, you are aware that it's in a...
It's supposed to be in the shrine.
Yeah.
To the top.
All right, I'll tell you.
Okay.
So we...
Leave me there.
Conversing.
Yeah, okay.
Riding on the back of Mulraine's horse Coco,
her hair whipping into my face,
the horse's...
I like it.
Rhythms gyrating my gyrations.
I asked her to stop.
I asked her to stop the horse for a moment.
Mulraine stopped.
Yeah.
It's only been so long since you've turned into a woman.
But we are in a different dimension.
I feel like the rules don't apply.
I want to make love to you.
Right now, in the dirt,
well, this horse watches.
I heard through the wind that you've been abstaining from
pledging yourself.
For you.
And for my magic.
It actually adds a point of damage to my ray of frost.
Well, yes.
Let's do it in the dirt.
As long as we can do it underneath Coco,
underneath her shade.
Okay.
I mean, it's a well-trained horse ray.
It's not going to step on me.
No, no.
She won't do anything.
She'll watch, but she won't move.
I make love to Mulraine's Sedana
underneath her horse Coco.
It's pretty sensual.
Cushy, cushy.
Is that good or bad?
Yeah.
He jerks off at the end to finish himself.
As is commanded in the Koran.
I wiped the confetti off my stomach.
That's how good I am.
Just a little bit of confetti falls from the heavens.
Oh, no, I thought it was coming out of the...
Oh.
Rip, rip, Taylor.
Sharpie, I know that your relationship with Quirk
is very close.
Will this interfere?
It doesn't matter.
He'll figure it out.
He'll adapt.
His relationship with me is, you know,
one that doesn't involve things going into each other.
I don't fully believe that, but I trust you.
So you stopped jerking off for three days
and you fuck Aaron and D&D?
Very romantic now.
This is so much sense.
Under a horse.
While that same horse was watching.
Doesn't even make sense.
Because I have to assume that means it's their turn.
I mean, it's not like...
Well, Sharpie, let's mount Coco
and head to the soul explosion yard.
What was it called?
The soul explosion yard.
I don't think the soul explosion yard was your belly just now.
Cut to me, Quirk and Christopher just jerking off next to a tree.
Oh, boy.
Oh, God.
That was a good idea, Chris.
I'm not done yet, give me a second.
Okay, sorry, sorry.
Sorry, I'm going to smoke one of my smoke sticks.
I got a new idea.
Oh, shit.
Lady in white.
Okay, okay.
Again, let's go to the soul of growth.
Yeah, okay, I know there's a temple.
Okay, we have to navigate through these traps.
I use a...
Can I detect the trap?
What's the best way to navigate through these traps?
You can attempt to find a trap.
Once you see it, you can either avoid it or dismantle it somehow.
Okay, how many traps lay ahead of me?
Well, you don't know, so let's see how many you find.
Is there anything I have that would help?
You are also adept at finding traps, so you could both sweep for traps.
Let's discover...
What is your class or race, or what are you?
He's a human world.
Singer-songwriter?
No, I know that, Christopher.
You are very...
Did you ever...
Level one with a bullet.
Have you heard Lady in red?
It was a huge song.
Kids...
What is he?
I'm a human thief with some...
You got some items.
Kind of like Batman.
Is he currently surrounded by traps?
Presumably he knows how to get through these traps.
Presumably he does.
I follow Christopher for traps.
Yeah, I know where the traps are, right?
I've been here.
You've been here.
Christopher, again, all the food and gold you want.
Let's get to the Soul of Growth, if you can lead the way.
I have no use for gold.
I've got gold records and stuff.
How many gold records really do you have?
Two, one.
It was this song.
I promise you, if we get to the Soul of Growth,
a new gold record, maybe even platinum.
Okay, alright, well follow me.
Okay.
Alright, are we through?
Okay, so do you guys want to join back up yet?
Yeah, sure.
Okay, we're going through the traps.
As you blaze your trails, a horse approaches.
Oh!
Oh my god, Sharpie, Mulrainee, Chris de Burgh!
Hey!
He wrote Lady in Red.
Have you guys heard Lady in Red?
It was a big song.
I literally thought you were dead.
No, no, no.
I've just been lost for a while.
Spiritually and also physically.
Mulrainee, you have some confetti in your hair.
Oh, let me just...
I put it in a plastic bag and I put it in my pocket.
Tom Lakers is right.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It was a Tom Lakers, it was a bad Tom Lakers joke.
Sorry, everybody.
I know where the Soul of Growth is.
You know?
We're going to follow Christopher, a famous singer-songwriter,
through these traps, because he knows the way.
I know the way.
We're going to go to the Soul of Growth.
We're going to get whatever we want and also...
He's giving me food and gold.
Food and gold, but I really want to get this guy's career back online.
That's great.
If you've got any ideas for songs, you know, I'm like a sponge right now.
How about...
Cocoa and Brown.
I think you've got to get off the color thing.
I've been telling them this for like all day.
If you're going to detect traps, then why can't you...
Like, look at the creative pitfalls.
Like, all around you, you know?
And just get out of the area, you know?
Like, sneak past all of it.
Or you're also...
Yeah, no, I'm going to.
I know how to do the traps.
There's an actual guy who wrote Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star.
We'll never know his name, but he probably wrote a bunch of shitty songs.
Jason Priestley.
But you're a thief, right?
Why don't we just like break into Tom Waits' house or something like that
and steal some song ideas?
I don't think my voice is...
I point my horse towards Tom Waits' house.
Your horse doesn't know.
So I feel like now that we have one,
we've made a new friend, Chris de Burgh.
Let's go to...
We're embarking towards the soul of growth.
I think that's a good cliffhanger, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I mean, certainly chronologically, we...
Yeah, I think we're running longer.
I think now Camille, we've got you on board here now.
Yeah, you've got to come back next week now.
May I say quickly?
In the back, we're selling these t-shirts that Dan is wearing.
Wait, are we not in this world anymore?
This is Coco speaking.
Oh, t-shirts.
Pads from D&D World.
We have t-shirts in the back.
I don't know how many times we'll sell them again.
This might be the last time.
They're $15 or two for $25.
Otherwise, they're online and they're more expensive.
But yeah, come buy a t-shirt.
That's all.
They've got confetti on them.
From the tour.
Don't worry, by confetti, we mean Dancecom.
All right.
Thank you, Aaron.
Thank you, Camille, Nanjiani.
Thank you, guys.
Thank you, Erin McGathy.
Thank you, Spencer.
You can...
That's exciting.
We have a new member of our party.
Yeah, for the time being, anyway.
Chris Berg.
Finding out the...
the octopus thing.
But, Jeff, it really turned into a good show.
It did.
Was there ever any doubt?
No, there was. Yeah, when I was talking at the top of it.
About whether or not it was going to be a good show, blah, blah, blah.
Like, we could cut that out.
That's sinew. That's tissue.
I would say in the past, because of the early days of Nerdmelt shows,
our best shows here, when you were really driven by
anxiety and...
Now that I've become a godlike being,
which we are going to embrace...
Don't tell me what to embrace.
I'm not going to affect the
visage of a guy who's nervous
as someone who's become
an impersonal cosmic force.
What I'm going to do is evolve into somebody who runs
a real show and has awesome guests
and talks about interesting stuff.
Now, here's a good question.
Here's something I've not thought of until just now.
We, on the tour, kept ending with these songs,
these raps, these things that became kind of a...
You know, we...
We did it. We did it. We did it enough.
Now, how do you end the show now without that...
without that...
go-to thing?
Two words, Jeff.
Two words.
Do you want me to hit the music?
I thought that was it.
Now, I don't know how to end the show.
I don't know...
God doesn't know how to end your day.
You go to bed. That's what happens to you.
You close your eyes.
God keeps the universe fucking
like chugging.
We go to the drawing room. We have a drink.
You know, if I got to do a rap
about being God,
we'll see how it goes.
All right.
I'm willing to roll those cosmic dice.
Which style do you want?
We've got enough time to see how a rap goes.
Or...
God damn it.
The rapping is so...
How about this?
For the last time...
This will be our last one,
because we have the cameras here,
and we still have to use our non-licensed music.
Hopefully, it'll be the last time we have to use that same music
we've been using just to keep it non-licensed.
We can go back to using the Metallica riffs.
Let's just give this one more raw,
and this will be maybe a little cherry on top
of the entire tour. Let's try this.
I don't tend to do well when I actually need to.
Oh, this.
It always sounds like hot August night to me.
It's so good to be back.
Good to be back here.
In Hollywood.
Octopuses.
My soul is flowing into yours.
What kind of beer do you like?
Coors.
If it's a different kind, it's okay.
In Harmontown.
I love all of you.
I love dudes and goo.
I love hats and shoes.
In Harmontown.
And I learned to love all the people.
Probably not going to rhyme anything with that,
but steeple.
Across the country of ours.
Cars.
Rhyming is done.
Don't rhyme. Connect with the people.
Look at the faces out here, Harmon.
Look at the people.
Look at somebody that you don't know in the eye.
Pick somebody at random,
and look that person in the eye,
and connect with this person.
But for real.
Don't rhyme car and far and steeple with people.
I won't.
Hello.
What's your name?
Martin.
You look a little bit like Eric Wehrheim.
Yeah.
You don't have to.
That was me getting in the way of us connecting.
Here's what you look like.
That's stupid.
Martin, I love you.
We're the same person.
We were born the same.
We're only pretending to be separate.
I don't have to rhyme.
I could just stand here and talk.
Martin, you're a human being.
So am I.
Martin.
Oh shit, sorry, that was Martin.
I am an impersonal force
who tries to come in
and make you not connect with people
to prove that connection is
more difficult than it appears.
Oh.
Oh, I'm beating him.
I'm beating him.
Now I'm free to connect.
I'm so free to connect
with the world.
Because we're in Harmontown.
What's your name?
Ben.
What's the problem?
I'm having a fight with my sister.
Is she older or younger?
Older.
Fuck her.
She should know that she has a little brother.
Her fucking job is to be kind of a junior parent.
Fuck her.
What's her name?
Fucking grow up.
You got a little brother.
It doesn't matter if he's 40.
He's your little brother.
Fucking Sarah.
Get your shit together.
What's your name?
Dan.
Awesome.
What's the problem?
Work.
What do you do?
I teach high school.
Someone has to.
It's insane that
that's worthy of a pause now.
That's how people actually feel.
Everyone is actually feeling that way.
Hang in there.
What's your name?
I know you. You help with t-shirts.
My name's Ryan.
Thanks for helping with t-shirts.
Thanks for letting me in your house.
He was in the documentary
to help their room with t-shirts.
Then the documentary crew left
and then you
expressed a lot of gratitude
for being able to help Aaron with stuff.
You got kind of emotional.
The documentary crew wasn't there to pick it up.
The documentary crew is here.
I muster it up. Do it.
Dance monkey.
Tell us how much you love being in Harmontown.
I hope I can make friends with her someday.
I don't know.
Let's go to the drawing room afterwards.
I'll buy you a drink for helping with t-shirts.
Alright.
Who's having the best day of their life?
Who's...
What's your name?
David.
Is there anything good that happened about today?
Detail-wise?
The second time I've ever actually been here
is seeing the show because my friends brought me.
I'm having a great time.
The reason you're having a great time
is because you came to my show.
Hi.
Harmontown.
I'm a god.
I make clouds and dogs.
I separated the sky from the earth.
You're here because of me
and everything that you feel and do
is because a little guy
like me shot his cosmic
goo into the universe
and fertilized an infinite something.
My name is Harmon.
This is Harmontown.
Thank you for coming, everybody.
You're all gods.
You are all also gods.
Kumail Nanjiani.